[Music]
did you know you can actually dissolve
razor blades or power a light bulb using
your brain Wow
your body is an impressive mechanism
let's dive in to find out more no matter
how often you take a shower and change
clothes every inch of your skin has
about 32 million bacteria on it but
don't worry most of them are harmless
most of them electricity generated by
your brain is enough to power up a
lightbulb if all iron contained in the
body was collected it would be enough to
make a three-inch nail most of the fat
you lose is converted into carbon
dioxide and leaves your body through
breathing the fluids in your stomach
could dissolve a razor blade the special
lining protects the stomach from eating
itself babies have 90 to 95 more bones
than adults over 300 and total when you
grow up bony segments fuse and you end
up with only 206 there are no muscles in
your fingers really you can control your
finger movements thanks to the muscles
in the palm and forearms
the average adult weighing 200 pounds
has 2 to 6 pounds of bacteria don't
panic
most of them are good you can't breathe
and swallow at the same time just don't
try to test it or you may choke because
both food and air travel down through
the pharynx humans really glow in the
dark but we can't see the glimmer
because it's extremely dim when you
blush your stomach does the same
adrenaline rush dilates the blood
vessels and the stomach lining gets red
from the flow
not only your tongue has taste receptors
but your brain lungs and stomach as well
scientists are still not sure what their
functions are your bones might be very
strong but there is around 31% of water
in their structure
snoring volume can reach 80 decibels
which is similar to the noise of a
jackhammer or a low-flying jet you can't
sneeze with your eyes open because they
closed to protect themselves from germs
your eyes can actually breathe since the
cornea doesn't have any blood vessels it
gets its oxygen directly from the air
you get 70,000 thoughts each day what do
you usually think about the most let me
know in the comments below by age 60 you
lose half of your taste buds
your ears produce more earwax when
you're scared or stressed than when
you're not facial hair grows faster than
any other hair on your body about one in
200 people is born with an extra rib so
is that a spare rib your left lung is
about 10% smaller than your right one to
make a room for your heart in the chest
our DNA is 70% similar to the DNA of
slugs the strongest muscle in your body
is the jaw muscle or the masseter you
can clamp your teeth where the force as
great as 200 pounds on the molars and 55
pounds on the incisors your nose and
ears keep growing throughout your life
so get over it your eyelids have the
fastest moving muscles they contract in
a fraction of a second without your
pinky you'd lose about 50% of your hand
strain
toothache and headache are connected
because of the try go mini on earth it
goes through the jaw right to the head
when you're asleep your sense of smell
turns on so if there's a terrible smell
coming in during the night you won't
even feel it your sense of hearing gets
worse if you ate too much women's hearts
beat faster than men's but a man's
stomach digests food more quickly you
use up to 200 muscles in your body with
every step you take every smile you fake
every claim you stake I'll be watching
you
hey it might even sting if you get the
song tie head your fingernails grow
faster than your toenails since your
hands are out in the open more often the
nails on them get more growth boosting
sunlight speaking of nails the ones on
your middle fingers grow faster than all
other nails if all your blood vessels
were stretched into a single line it
could wrap around the whole earth more
than twice but it wouldn't feel good
your tongue print and your scent are
one-of-a-kind just like your
fingerprints but hey don't be leaving
your tongue prints all over the place
twins though are known to have identical
scents blind people have more hair they
boast around 146,000 hair follicles
while people with dark hair have only
100000 hair follicles also your hair is
nearly indestructible it can withstand
cold change of climate water and even
many kinds of acids and corrosive
chemicals your feet have 500,000 sweat
glands and can produce more than a pint
of sweat during a day so if your shoes
are feeling a little juicy now you know
your body gives off enough heat in 30
minutes to make half a gallon of water
boil
nerve impulses to and from the brain
rush as fast as 170 miles per hour when
your heart pumps blood it creates enough
pressure to shoot it as far as 30 feet
when you sneeze the air is rocketing out
of your body at close to 100 miles an
hour your eyes can distinguish up to 10
million different colors there's a rare
genetic mutation that adds an extra
retinal cone in the eyes this allows
some people to see 100 million colors
your brain has around 100 billion
neurons this is just a bit less than a
number of stars in the Milky Way galaxy
every day you produce about a quart of
saliva and without it you wouldn't be
able to taste the food you can hear
thanks to tiny hairs deep inside your
ear if you lose these hairs you lose
your sense of hearing the heart of an
adult human beats about 100,000 times
each day
that's more than a beat each second and
the beat goes on your nostrils don't
work both at the same time they take
shifts every few hours you'll breathe in
and breathe out through one nostril at a
time your fingers Bend and stretch about
25 million times during your whole life
every time you speak you use 72 muscles
like this even if you stand on your head
the food is still able to travel down to
your stomach through the digestive
system the smell of green apples can
ease claustrophobia making rooms feel
larger than they really are humans are
the only animals that have chins Mark
Twain once said man is the only animal
that blushes or needs to each hair
strand you have can
around three ounces in weight it means a
whole head of hair can support up to 12
tons of weight or 5 giraffes hey let's
try it um you go first
around one third of all people have an
extra bone in their knee called a favela
on average a person sleeps 122 days out
of 365 in a year you think maybe we
should find this person and wake them up
compared to all other creatures in the
world humans are the best long-distance
runners your nose can discriminate one
trillion separate sense smelling the
sound we hear when we crack our knuckles
is actually the sound of bubbles of gas
bursting nevermind what your mom told
you around three quarters of your brain
is water a person who has a condition
called synesthesia experiences
overlapping of senses that's why they
can taste words or hear colors enamel
the outer surface layer of your teeth is
the hardest substance in your body it's
even stronger than bones when you gain
extra weight your tongue gets thicker
too
the human liver is the body's busiest
organ since it has over 500 functions
the brain itself can't feel anything it
has no nerve endings of its own your big
toes carry about 40% of your weight so
be nice to them people with
light-colored eyes blue or green have a
higher pain tolerance as you get older
your brain loses a small amount of mass
each year adrenaline rush can give you a
temporary strength boost your eyes see
the world upside down but the brain
automatically corrects it for you
the smallest bone in your body is the
stay piece or stirrup it's part of the
middle ear and measures only about 1/10
of an inch without gravity weighing down
on the body some astronauts come back
home from space up to 2 inches taller
only 1/3 of those who can wiggle their
ears can move one year at a time
Heupel is the only bone in your body
which isn't attached to any other bone
it's the one in your throat that serves
as an anchor for your tongue
and finally you lose 200 million skin
cells every hour really count them hey
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
you